caugt,caught
choped,chopped,7
senery,scenery
tak,take
thougt,thought,2
tought,thought,3
tim,time
wam,warm
beatiful,beautiful,2
beateful,beautiful,4
brough,brought,2
carring,carrying
desing,deciding
dive,drive
fishs,fishes
fishig,fishing
fishin,fishing
mus,must,2
notced,noticed
thaugh,thought
waten,waiting
waitin,waiting
gung,gun,2
hade,had
musto,must
riffle,rifle
suddently,suddenly
theey,they
throught,through,2
tirde,tired
tride,tired
fiwe,wife
whit,with
beging,begin,2
game,came
garried,carried
chup,chop
shop,chop,2
gold,cold,2
koked,cooked
gottage,cottage,11
decidet,decided
decited,decided
drean,dream
drow,drove
drowe,drove
feld,felt
fisk,fish,2
vire,fire
frisch,freeze
goind,going
quilty,guilty
cun,gun,2
gan,gun
hin,him
hyrry,hurry
tight,light
mannish,manage
backing,packing,2
planing,planning
starded,started
same,summer
heir,their
ther,their
tere,there
thouwh,through
thoygnt,through
trought,through,2
thougth,through
trables,troubles
wery,very,3
willage,village
weekena,weekend
weedend,weekend
wecckend,weekend
weckend,weekend
chear,chair
hount,hunt
reade,ready
selv,self
wief,wife
wod,wood
no,now
seen,scene
an,and,4
fist,first
the,they
though,thought
tire,tired
tried,tired,5
file,fire
can,gun,2
cut,gun
gum,gun,2
mast,must
much,must
some,same
same,some
then,them
thinks,things,2
thing,think,2
tough,thought
thought,through,3
trough,through
hold,whole
five,wife
foods,woods,2
could,cold,2
living,leaving
road,rod,2
sad,said
sweety,sweaty
dreamd,dreamed
stayd,stayed
fellt,felt
litlle,little
nexst,next
satt,sat
weeckend,weekend
catsh,catch
fishis,fishes
happyly,happily
tryed,tried
where,were
beutiful,beautiful,2
coud,could
helpfull,helpful,2
hous,house
quicly,quickly
quikly,quickly
suprised,surprised,2
allready,already,4
beautifull,beautiful,6
nessecary,necessary
eny,any
anymals,animals
bihind,behind
bouth,both
couse,cause
coffe,coffee
koffee,coffee
contry,country,2
desided,decided,2
fishies,fishes
forists,forests
freesing,freezing
hes,his
luying,lying
meenwhal,meanwhile
notise,notice
pleasuru,pleasure
raindear,reindeer
sommer,summer,2
tee,tea
thei,they
untill,until
wating,waiting,2
wayting,waiting
waiked,waked
wether,weather
wonderfull,wonderful.
choped,chopped,6
choping,chopping,5
thout,thought
beatiful,beautiful,4
ponted,pointed
poited,pointed
cheere,chair
courntry,country
roand,road
seemeded,seemed
tirred,tired
brougth,brought
huose,house
laguage,luggage
sigth,sight
tierd,tired
arriwed,arrived
beatifus,beautiful
game,came
cuttage,cottage
dowe,drove
drowe,drove
drow,drove,2
fishisch,fishes
fishish,fishes
qvickly,quickly
sammer,summer
ther,their
trere,there
thinging,thinking
taching,touching
unhuppy,unhappy
wery,very,3
wigour,vigour
willage,village
wisit,visit
varm,warm
vife,wife,4
chear,chair
housband,husband
pacaged,packaged
tiered,tired
wether,weather
yeat,yet
the,that
the,they,4
though,thought
call,cold
draw,drove,2
fare,fire
flee,fly
rot,rod
son,soon
taught,thought
trough,through,2
could,cold
harry,hurry
road,rod
shut,shoot
shut_gun,shotgun
sets,sits
to,too
becoms,becomes
finaly,finally
stayd,stayed
fisching,fishing
rodd,rod
satt,sat
thhey,they
cryed,cried
qwickly,quickly
were,where
hole,whole
where,were
there,their,5
beutiful,beautiful
cary,carry
carying,carrying
hous,house
wher,where
allready,already
beautifull,beautiful
forrest,forest
helpfull,helpful
desided,decided
bigan,began
contry,country
dears,*deers
hes,his
holyday,holiday
husbund,husband
summar,summer
sommer,summer
watter,,water
were,,where
wich,,which
whit,,with.
Anglo Saxian,Anglo-Saxon
Antique-shops,antique shops
Asien,Asian
Autum,autumn
Bolsjevik,Bolshevik,2
Buckhingham,Buckingham
Cabinett,Cabinet
Carabean,Caribbean
Caribean,Caribbean,2
Chrismas,Christmas
Commonmarket,Common Market
Commonweath,Commonwealth
Commonweatlh,Commonwealth
Commonwelth,Commonwealth,2
Compson-family,Compson family
Democrates,Democrats,5
Englismen,Englishmen
Europa,Europe,2
Europen,European
Francise,Franchise
Greecs,Greeks
Indien,Indian
Irland,Ireland
Italiens,Italians
Latin-quarter,Latin quarter
Liberales,Liberals
Massachusets,Massachusetts
Metodism,Methodism
New Yourk,New York,2
Nixon-affair,Nixon affair
Pachistani,Pakistani
Pakistanies,Pakistanis
Pakistans,Pakistanis,4
Parlamentary,parliamentary
Porto Ricans,Puerto Ricans
Prime-Minister,Prime Minister
Privi Counsil,Privy Council
Puertoricans,Puerto Ricans
Scandenaveans,Scandinavians
Slaves,Slavs,2
Suprime,Supreme
Theran,Teheran
Wigs,Whigs
a while,awhile
abel,able
abillity,ability
abolishion,abolition
aboundance,abundance
abreviation,abbreviation,2
accidentaly,accidentally
achievment,achievement,2
acquaintences,acquaintances
acquaited,acquainted
acuaintance,acquaintance
admendments,amendments
administratores,administrators
admireing,admiring
adobt,adopt
adolecence,adolescence
adolescense,adolescence
adolesence,adolescence
advertice,advertise
adviced,advised
advicers,advisers,4
advices,advises
advicing,advising
advicors,advisers
aerea,area
aford,afford
afried,afraid
afterall,after all
aknowledged,acknowledged
alcaholic,alcoholic
alchohol,alcohol,2
allone,alone
allowe,allow
allready,already
allthough,although,2
alltogether,altogether,5
allways,always,2
aloud,allowed
althoug,although,3
althrough,although
amandment,amendment
ambigious,ambiguous
amentities,amenities,2
americanicized,americanized
ammendment,amendment
amnisty,amnesty
an,and
an other,another,3
and,an
ansver,answer
answeres,answers
apeals,appeals
appearent,apparent
appearently,apparently,2
apperance,appearance
apperently,apparently
appriciation,appreciation
apropriate,appropriate,2
aquaintance,acquaintance,3
aquainted,acquainted,2
aranged,arranged
areaes,areas
argueable,arguable
arose,arouse
arrieved,arrived
as,at
as,has
assambly,assembly,2
assasinated,assassinated
assimillated,assimilated
assosiated,associated
aswell,as well
atatchment,attachment
atempting,attempting
athmosphere,atmosphere,4
atractes,attracts
attemts,attempts
attractes,attracts
authencity,authenticity
authentity,authenticity
autor,author
avaelable,available
awailable,available
awere,aware
awfull,awful,2
back-bone,backbone
ballott,ballot,2
banlance,balance
barier,barrier
barriars,barriers
barriere,barrier
barrior,barrier
base-ball,baseball
basic,basis
basis,bases
beatiful,beautiful
beaty,beauty
beautifull,beautiful
becoms,becomes
becouse,because
beeing,being,8
begining,beginning
behavour,behaviour
beleifs,beliefs
believes,beliefs
belifs,beliefs
belive,believe,2
benefitted,benefited
betwen,between,2
bi-election,by-election
blaks,blacks,4
boarder,border
boarding-shcools,boarding schools
boardingschools,boarding schools
boicotted,boycotted
bowle,bowl
brake,break
brances,branches
break-down,breakdown
break down,breakdown
broadely,broadly
buriel,burial
busdrivers,bus drivers
busing,bussing
busses,buses,4
cafe-miljeu,cafe milieu
cafee,cafe
caffs,cafes
camerades,comrades
campagnes,campaignes
campaigne,campaign,2
campaignes,campaigns,2
campain,campaign,2
can not,cannot,6
candidat,candidate
candidats,candidates
caotic,chaotic
capabitities,capabilities
capabity,capability
capasity,capacity
capitol,capital
carneval,carnival
carosel,carousel
carreer,career,2
carriing,carrying
carusell,carousel
cast,coast
caste,cast,2
catastrophy,catastrophe,3
cause,course
centery,century
centuary,century
cerimonial,ceremonial
chambre,chamber
chanche,chance
changability,changeability
changable,changeable
changeing,changing
chanse,chance
charachterized,characterized
charachters,characters
choise,choice
cinemaes,cinemas
citizentship,citizenship
cityareas,city areas
clairifie,clarify
classridden,class-ridden
clearify,clarify
clearity,clarity
clerly,clearly
clift,cliff
clumsey,clumsy
coalision,coalition
coalisions,coalitions
collage,college
collegue,college
collegues,colleagues,5
collegus,colleagues
comerades,comrades,2
comitted,committed
comittees,committees
commited,committed
commitee,committee
committs,commits
comparativly,comparatively
comparision,comparison,2
comparisson,comparison
competation,compensation
comprehensiv,comprehensive
compromice,compromise
compromize,compromise
comunities,communities
concequence,consequence
concequently,consequently,3
concerne,concern
concidered,considered
concience,conscience
concious,conscious,2
conciousness,consciousness,3
conclution,conclusion,2
conclutions,conclusions
conected,connected,2
conection,connection
conections,connections
conferance,conference
confucion,confusion
connextion,connection
conqueer,conquer
conqueor,conquer
consch,conch
consciouss,conscious,2
consentrate,concentrate,*
consentrated,concentrated,2
consentrates,concentrates
consentration,concentration
consept,concept
conseption,conception
consequenses,consequences
conserining,concerning
consern,concern
conserned,concerned
conserning,concerning,5
constituences,constituencies,5
constitusion,constitution
contra-revolution,counter-revolution
conveniant,convenient
conviniently,conveniently
corpse,corps
cost,coast
cottege,cottage
coulour,colour
counsil,council,2
country side,countryside
courtecy,courtesy
craives,craves
crisis,crises,4
criticsim,criticism
critisism,criticism,3
critisizm,criticism
critizing,criticizing
critizised,criticised
cronological,chronological,2
crown-jewels,crown jewels
crusifixion,crucifixion
culturary,culturally
currant,current
cycle,circle,2
dangeling,dangling
darwinisism,Darwinism
deads,deeds
deathrate,death rate
deceases,decreases
deceide,decide,2
deceided,decided,2
deceision,decision
deceisive,decisive
decendants,descendants
decicions,decisions
deciphring,deciphering
decission,decision,2
decissions,decisions,2
decition,decision
decitions,decisions
declair,declare
declear,declare
defenitions,definitions
deffinitely,definitely
definetely,definitely
delegats,delegates
delemma,dilemma
deligthed,delighted
delinquences,delinquencies
deminish,diminish
densily,densely
departemental,departmental
dependancy,dependency
depprived,deprived
depth,debt
descendent,descendant,2
desease,disease
desegragation,desegregation
desicion,decision
desicion,decision,2
desicions,decisions,2
desillusion,disillusion
desitions,decisions
desparate,desperate
desparately,desperately
desperat,desperate
desperatly,desperately
despice,despise
desturbs,disturbs
determins,determines
develope,develop,5
developement,development,2
developes,develops,3
developped,developed,2
deversity,diversity
devide,divide
devided,divided,8
devides,divides,4
deviding,dividing,2
diahorrea,diarrhoea
diceased,deceased
diceide,decide
diciplin,discipline
diciplinary,disciplinary
dicipline,discipline,4
diciplined,disciplined,2
didnot,did not
difence,difference
differe,differ
differenciated,differentiated
differencies,differences
diffrent,different
dilemmaes,dilemmas
dillemma,dilemma
disapeared,disappeared
disapointed,disappointed,2
disapprovs,disapproves
disasterous,disastrous
discoteques,discotheques
discoveres,discovers
discret,discrete
discribed,described
discribing,describing
discription,description,8
disegregation,desegregation,2
disenters,dissenters
disilliusions,disillusions
disillutionment,disillusionment
disilusioned,disillusioned
disipline,discipline
disobeing,disobeying
dissappeared,disappeared
dissappointed,disappointed
dissappointing,disappointing
dissillutionment,disillusionment
distence,distance
distirbed,disturbed
disturbences,disturbances
disturbes,disturbs
divercified,diversified
divercity,diversity
divition,division
docters,doctors
dosent,doesn't
dreamworld,dream world
eachother,each other,5
ecconomy,economy
ecstacy,ecstasy
electrol,electoral
eleminate,eliminate
embarrased,embarrassed
emphasise,emphasis
emphesizes,emphasizes
emply,imply
encreased,increased
enormeous,enormous
enourmous,enormous
enterprice,enterprise
envellops,envelops
envokes,invokes
equel,equal
equiped,equipped
especcially,especially
espesially,especially
establisment,establishment
etheral,ethereal
eventhough,even though
everone,everyone
every body,everybody
every where,everywhere
evry,every
exactely,exactly
examplify,exemplify
excaggerated,exaggerated
excam,exam,2
excample,example,3
excamples,examples
exceptionaly,exceptionally
excist,exist
excistence,existence
excisting,existing
executiv,executive
exellance,excellance
exellance,excellence
exellent,excellent,2
exeption,exception
exhiles,exiles
exhition,exhibition
existance,existence,3
existant,existent
exited,excited,2
exiting,exciting,2
expence,expense
expences,expenses,2
expencive,expensive,2
explotion,explosion
exsaggerated,exaggerated
exsample,example
exstensive,extensive
extatic,ecstatic
extention,extension
extreemly,extremely,2
extreems,extremes
extrems,extremes
eyeopener,eye-opener
faboulous,fabulous
faces,phases
faciating,fascinating
faild,failed
failes,fails
fairitale,fairytale
fairy land,fairyland
faliure,failure
fals,false
falsety,falsity
falsh,false
falshness,falseness
familes,families
familiare,familiar
familybackground,family background
fare,far,2
fary tale,fairy tale
fascilities,facilities
favorable,favourable
fear,fair
fellow-members,fellow members
feriously,furiously
finnished,finished,2
fixt,fixed
florish,flourish
florished,flourished
for most,foremost
fore,for
forinstance,for instance
forshadow,foreshadow
found of,fond of,2
fourty-seven,forty-seven
fransiche,franchise
freez,freeze
frentic,frenetic
ful,full
fullfill,fulfil
fullfilled,fulfilled,2
fundation,foundation,2
fysical,physical
gab,gap
garanties,guarantees
gardenparties,garden parties
gehettoes,ghettos
gethoes,ghettos
ghettoes,ghettos,19
glamourous,glamorous
glimps,glimpse
good bye,goodbye
goodbuy,goodbye
gould,gold
govenor,governor
goverment,government
gowern,govern,2
grammaphone,gramophone
grassing,grazing
gread,great
greatnes,greatness
grieves,griefs
grown,ground
grown up people,grown-up people,2
guerilja,guerilla
guvernor,governor
hampher,hamper
happend,happened,2
happends,happens
happenes,happens
happly,happily
harmoneous,harmonious
harmonous,harmonious
haunted,hunted
heath,health,2
heriditary,hereditary
heterogenious,heterogeneous
heterogenius,heterogeneous
highschool,high school
hinderance,hindrance
hole,whole
holiday makers,holidaymakers
hoop,hope
horrow,horror
hoteljobs,hotel jobs
hotelroom,hotel room
hurling,howling
iceskating,ice-skating
ilegally,illegally
illution,illusion,2
illutions,illusions
imaginativ,imaginative
imateure,immature
imature,immature
imediate,immediate
imensely,immensely
imigrants,immigrants,2
imigration,immigration
immagination,imagination
immence,immense
immencely,immensely
immensly,immensely
immidate,immediate
immidiate,immediate,6
immidiately,immediately
immidiatly,immediately
immigrationproblem,immigration problem
imployed,employed
imployment,employment
implyed,implied
importand,important
in stead,instead
independance,independence
independant,independent,3
independantly,independently
inequeties,inequities
inferiour,inferior
influencial,influential
infurtile,infertile
inhability,inability
inhabitied,inhabited
initiary,itinerary
initiativ,initiative
innocant,innocent
innosant,innocent
innoscence,innocence,2
innoscent,innocent
innosence,innocence,4
inosence,innocence
inspiering,inspiring
inspite of,in spite of,2
integrety,integrity
inteligent,intelligent
intended,indented
intension,intention,3
intensions,intentions,2
intercource,intercourse
interfers,interferes
intergrate,integrate
intergrated,integrated,6
intergration,integration,5
interprete,interpret,4
interprited,interpreted
intervowen,interwoven,2
interwiewed,interviewed
intregity,integrity
introdused,introduced
invation,invasion,2
invironment,environment
isolited,isolated
jalous,jealous
jalouseie,jealousy
jealosy,jealousy
jealus,jealous
jet,yet
jobes,jobs
keen-ness,keenness
key,quay
kindergarden,kindergarten
layable,liable
lieve,leave
liqour,liquor
livelyness,liveliness
livingstandard,living standard
lonelyness,loneliness
lonlieness,loneliness
lonliness,loneliness,2
lonly,lonely
loose,lose,6
looser,loser
loosers,losers
looses,loses,6
loosing,losing,4
loveaffair,love affair
lunactics,lunatics
lynched,launched
magasines,magazines
main-groups,main groups
major,mayor
maraton,marathon
marked,market
marons,maroons
mass-media,mass media
may be,maybe,13
mayby,maybe
meat,meet
medicineman,medicine man
medival,medieval
medows,meadows
meeting-places,meeting places
meltingpot,melting pot
menthal,mental
metaphores,metaphors,2
methaphors,metaphors
middleclass,middle class
mileu,milieu
miljeu,milieu
millons,millions
ministeres,ministers
ministres,ministers
minoritygroups,minority groups
misdemenour,misdemeanour
misinterpretted,misinterpreted
mistres,mistress
moderne,modern,2
moove,move,2
mooved,moved,2
mother-country,mother country
mothercountry,mother country
mouning,moaning
mucician,musician
mumies,mummies
naiv,naive,2
narrowmindedness,narrow-mindedness
naturrally,naturally
near by,nearby
neccesary,necessary,2
neccessary,necessary,5
necesarily,necessarily
negativ,negative
negros,negroes,2
neigbours,neighbours
nerveus,nervous
nescessary,necessary
nessecery,necessary,2
nessecery,necessary,3
neuclear,nuclear
never the less,nevertheless
newcommers,newcomers
noice,noise
noicy,noisy,2
non,none
non Europeans,non-Europeans
nonsence,nonsense
noone,no one,3
noticable,noticeable
notised,noticed
now,no,11
now-a-days,nowadays
numourously,numerously
obviosly,obviously
occasionaly,occasionally
occation,occasion,2
occations,occasions,3
occured,occurred,5
occurence,occurrence,2
occuring,occurring,2
occurrance,occurrence,2
of,off,2
of cource,of course,2
officcees,offices
oil-income,oil income
oldfashioned,old-fashioned,2
omnicent,omniscient
omnicient,omniscient
omnierant,omniscient
omnisient,omniscient
onboard,on board
one-eight,one-eighth
opion,opinion
oponents,opponents
oportunity,opportunity,2
oposite,opposite,2
oposition,opposition
oppinion,opinion,2
opponant,opponent
opponenst,opponents
oppositie,opposite
opptain,obtain
opression,oppression
optain,obtain
or,our
ordinaire,ordinary
orginizes,organizes
origal,original
origine,origin
origion,origin,3
origional,original,2
orself,ourself
over-seas,overseas
owercrowded,overcrowded
painfull,painful
paradize,paradise
paralell,parallel,3
paralells,parallels,2
paralyce,paralyse
paraschutist,parachutist
parlamentarism,parliamentarism
participan,participant
partisipate,participate
party-conference,party conference
party-members,party members
pasionat,passionate
passportholders,passport holders
patethic,pathetic
patiencently,patiently
pavillion,pavilion
peek,peak,4
percecuted,persecuted
percecution,persecution
percent,per cent
perhapes,perhaps
periode,period
permantent,permanent
persentage,percentage
personnified,personified
persuation,persuasion
perverty,perverted
pessemistic,pessimistic
pettyness,pettiness
phoncall,phone call
phonecall,phone call
physologically,physiologically
picknique,picnic
pitty,pity
plain,plane
plentyful,plentiful
pluss,plus,2
politicans,politicians,2
populair,popular
posess,possess
posessed,possessed
posission,position
positiv,positive
pracis,practice
pracise,practice
practicle,practical
practise,practice,5
pre-requisite,prerequisite
precidency,presidency,2
preferrably,preferably
pregnent,pregnant
prejustices,prejudices
pretenting,pretending
previleges,privileges
primarely,primarily
primarly,primarily
primeminister,Prime Minister
priveleges,privileges
priviledged,privileged
probabely,probably
problemes,problems
proceede,proceed
proffesional,professional
profitting,profiting
profoundity,profundity
proofes,proofs
proove,prove,2
prooved,proved
prophesy,prophecy
proportiones,proportions
prosess,process,3
prospere,prosper
prostitude,prostitute
pshycically,psychically
psychonalist,psychoanalyst
psycial,psychical
psyciatrist,psychiatrist,2
psycological,psychological,5
psycologically,psychologically,2
psycologist,psychologist,2
psysical,physical
psysically,physically
pupuils,pupils
quarell,quarrel
queu,quay
quit,quite
raced,raised
railwayservice,railway service
rase,race
raw-material,raw material
reacent,recent,2
real-income,real income
realety,reality
realiable,reliable
reallity,reality,5
realy,really,2
reasently,recently
recieve,receive
recieved,received
recieves,receives
reckonized,recognized
recogniced,recognized,2
recon,reckon
refering,referring
reffers,refers
refridgerator,refrigerator
regularily,regularly
relegion,religion
relegious,religious,3
relieable,reliable
reluctand,reluctant
remaind,remain
remaind,remind
reminisence,reminiscence
remnents,remnants
requireing,requiring
resamble,resemble
resent,recent,3
resently,recently,2
resistence,resistance
responsibillity,responsibility
resque,rescue,2
resqued,rescued
restorts,resorts
resturant,restaurant
revealling,revealing
rhododendrums,rhododendrons
rhumours,rumours
rice,rise
ridicolous,ridiculous
rize,rise
rizen,risen
rocking-horse,rocking horse
roumers,rumours
rurler,ruler
ruteless,ruthless
rythm,rhythm
safe guard,safeguard
salade,salad
salatbowl,salad bowl
salery,salary
sallary,salary
savegery,savagery
scandale,scandal,2
scares,scarce
scedule,schedule
sceen,scene
sceleton,skeleton
scemes,schemes
scetched,sketched
schedual,schedule
schock,shock,11
school mates,schoolmates
schoolchildren,school children
schoolsystem,school system
scketch,sketch
scolarships,scholarships
scrupullous,scrupulous
scyscrapers,skyscrapers
seam,seem
secretely,secretly
seenery,scenery
segragation,segregation
self conscious,self-conscious,2
self reliant,self-reliant
selfconsciousness,self-consciousness
selfrespect,self-respect,2
sence,sense,2
sentral,central
separat,separate
separeted,separated
seperate,separate,8
seperated,separated
seperately,separately,2
seperation,separation,2
seriousely,seriously
set-back,setback
sexualy,sexually
shoking,shocking
shools,schools
showes,shows
shrilling,thrilling
similie,simile,4
simililar,similar
simoultanusly,simultaneously
sincerly,sincerely
singinging,singing
sircle,circle
sircumstances,circumstances
sivilization,civilization
slumdistricts,slum districts
socalled,so-called,3
socialwelfare,social welfare
sold,solved
somhow,somehow
somthing,something
sosciety,society,2
sosial,social,2
sosiety,society
souveniers,souvenirs
souvereign,sovereign
spear,spare
spects,specs
speek,speak
spesified,specified
spoild,spoiled
spontanous,spontaneous
stachato,staccato
stats,states
stearing,staring
steril,sterile
stilled,still
straight forward,straightforward,2
strait,straight
streches,stretches
streching,stretching
streit,strait
streneous,strenuous
strenght,strength
strenghten,strengthen
strenghtening,strengthening
strenous,strenuous
stricly,strictly
struggeling,struggling
struggels,struggles
strugle,struggle
strugles,struggles
stuadresses,stewardesses
stubborness,stubbornness
sub-urbs,suburbs
succeded,succeeded,2
succeedes,succeeds
succes,success
succesful,successful
successfull,successful
sucess,success
sucessful,successful
sucpicion,suspicion
suger,sugar
summer-holiday,summer holiday
sunbading,sunbathing
supermacy,supremacy
suport,support,2
supportes,supporters
supurt,support
surly,surely,2
surpress,suppress
surpressed,suppressed
suspecious,suspicious
suspens,suspence
suspiscious,suspicious
suspition,suspicion
symphatetic,sympathetic
symphathetic,sympathetic
symphathy,sympathy
symphatize,sympathize
symphatize,sympathize,2
symphaty,sympathy,2
sympthom,symptom
symtoms,symptoms
tail,tale
talkes,talks,3
taxies,taxis
taxmoney,tax money
teamsports,team sports
telles,tells
temted,tempted
teoretical,theoretical
terapeutic,therapeutic
than,then
the,they
the,to
the Kennedies,the Kennedys
the Pasific,the Pacific
theme,them
theoritical,theoretical
therefor,therefore,9
thier,their
thigh,tight
thight,tight
threatan,threaten
thrughout,throughout
thruth,truth
tickett,ticket
to,the
to,too,11
to,two,2
to day,today,3
toilettes,toilets
toillettes,toilets
tourisme,tourism
towns-people,townspeople
tradgy-comic,tragi-comic
traints,traits
transision,transition
transtition,transition
treath,threat
treathening,threatening
trembelling,trembling
treshold,threshold,2
triumpet,trumpet
trokeic,trochaic
troubeled,troubled
troubeling,troubling
tuff,tough
tuffness,thoughness
tyranic,tyrannical
uglyness,ugliness
underlinded,underlined
underworldbusiness,underworld business
uneasyness,uneasiness
unite,unit
universitydegree,university degree
unscroupulous,unscrupulous
untill,until,11
upheavel,upheaval
upperclass,upper class
upperclasspeople,upper-class people
uppressed,oppressed
upto,up to
usualy,usually
usully,usually
vallies,valleys
valnerability,vulnerability
varid,varied
varie,vary
vasted,wasted,4
vasteless,wasteful
vice verca,vice versa
vicepresident,Vice-President,2
virality,virility
visitid,visited
volontary,voluntary
wally,valley
wander,wonder,2
wast,vast
wealthy-ones,wealthy ones
weathy,wealthy
welfareproblems,welfare problems
welknown,well-known
were,where
wery,very
wether,whether,7
wheras,whereas
where,were,3
wiev,view
wifes,wives
witch,which,2
withdrawel,withdrawal
worce,worse
working-class,working class
woud,would
wright,right
writters,writers
yeard,yard
Eastwood,Estwood
Hitler,Hitlar
I'd,I'ld
I've,Iev
Ireland,Irland
Rolls,rowles
Scots,Scotts
a_few,afew
a_little,alittle
a_long [time],along,[time]
a_lot,alot,26
ability,abillity
able,abule
able-bodied,able_bodied
abroad,a_broad
absolutely,apselutely
academically,accademically
accident,acident
achieve,acheive
acting,actting
activities,activitys,2
activities,activeties
acts,acks
adventurous,adventerous
advice,advise,2
after,aftere
after,haved
against,agenst,2
against,aginst
agents,agenst
aggro,agro
air,hair
alive,alife
almost,allmost,2
almost,all_most
alone,alown
alone,a_lone
already,all_ready
alright,all_right
always,all_way
always,all_ways,2
always,all_way's
always,allways,5
am,ham
angels,angles
angry,angrey
annoying,anoying
another,anothe
any,eney
any_more,anymore,3
anyone,enyone
anything,enything
apparent,apparant
appearance,appearence,2
apprehensively,aprehensivly
aren't,arn't
arena,areana
arguing,argueing
arguing,aurgueing
argument,aguement
argument,aurgument
arguments,arguements
argumentative,argumentitive
as,has,5
associate,associat
athlete,athlette
attitude,atitude
Austrian,Austrain
autograph,autgraph
awful,awfull
bachelor,bachler
backchatting,back_chating
backyard,back_yard
bad-tempered,bad_temped
bad-tempered,bad_tempered
bad_temper,badtempar
badly,badley
beautiful,beaotiful
beautiful,beutiful
beautician,beutician
because,beause
because,becase
because,becaus,4
because,becauses
because,becouse,2
because,becus
because,becuse,2
because,cause,3
become,be_come
before,befor,2
beginning,beggining
being,beeing,3
being,bieng
being,bieing
bereavement,bereivement
besides,besids
big-head,big_head,3
big-headed,big_headed
bitchy,bitchey
bodyguard,body_gaurd
bombs,bomes
bore,boar,9
bore,boor
bored,bawd
bored,bourd
bored,bord,6
boring,borring
born,borne
bossed,bosed
bossing,bosing
break,brake,2
break,brak
build,biuld
bullying,bulling
bully,bulle
bully,bulley
bully,bulleye
bungalow,bungerlow
business,bussiness,2
business,buisness
buy,by,4
buy,bye
can't,cann't
can't,carn't
can't,carnt,2
cannot,can_not
career,carrer
career,carreer
caught,cought
causes,cases
causing,corsing
causing,coursing,2
centre,senture
certain,certian
certain,sertain
certain,serton
certain,sirtain
certain,surntered
chatting,chating
cheeky,cheaky
cheer,chair
cinema,cinama
civilized,civerlized
clothes,cloths
college,collage,3
college,colledge
coloured,colored
comfortable,compertable
community,comunity
completely,completly
complexion,complection
conceited,conseated
concentrate,consentrate
concentrate,consuntrate
confidence,confedence
connected,conected
considerate,conciderate
convicts,convicks
couldn't,cunt
country,contry,2
country,coontry
cousin,couson
creates,creats
creep,creap
criminal,crimamel
criticism,criticizm
crowds,crouds
cruise,crouse
cruise,cruse
dead-end,dead_end,3
decent,desent
decisions,disions
defenceless,defencless
deficiencies,defficenciy's
definitely,definately,2
deformity,deformaty
depression,depreshtion
depressed,depresed,2
despise,dispise
didn't,dint
die,diy
die,dy
die,dye,2
died,deid
different,differant
different,diffrent,2
different,diffent
difficult,bifocolt
disabilities,dissabiliteys
disability,dissability,2
disabled,disabelled
disappoint,dissapoint
discussion,dissucussion
disease,desease
dishonest,disonist
dismal,dismell
disobeyed,disabayed
disrupt,disrupte
disappoint,dissapoint
divorce,devorce,2
do_not,donot
does,dose
dole,dol
double-cross,double_cross
dressed,drest
druggies,drugies
dunce,dunts
dying,dieing,5
dying,diing
earlier,erlyer
early,eigly
earn,hearn
either,eigther
else,els
else's,elss
else's,elesers
embarrassed,embarrest
embarrassed,embarresed,2
embarrassed,embarressed
embarrass,embarras
embarrass,embarris
emotional,emothional
emptied,emptyed
enemies,enames
enemies,enemes
enemies,enimes
enemies,enemys
enemies,enemy's,2
enemies,enimies
enjoy,engoy
entirely,entirly
entirely,intirely
especially,especialy
especially,asspelly
everything,everythink
except,exsept,2
exhibitionist,exabisionish
expect,espect
expelled,exspelled
experience,experiance
extravert,extrevert
fail,fale
fall,full
family,famley
family,famliy,9
family,famaly
family,famly
family,familly,4
family,fammily
fashion,fassion
father,farther,3
fault,falt
feel,feal
fighting,figthing
fight,fite
figure,figer
fortunately,forturnitly
fortunately,fortunitly
free-going,free_going
friend,freind,9
friend,fren,2
friend,frend,5
friend,frened
friend,firend
friend,frind
friendly,frandely
fulfil,farfull
fulfil,fulfill,2
fulfil,fullfill
fulfil,furfill
full-time,full_time
fun-loving,fun_loving
funny,funney,2
future,furcher
future,furture
gathered,gatherd
gears,gares
general,genral
general,generall
gift,give
girlfriend,girl_friend,4
good-humoured,good_humer
good-looking,good_looking
good-tempered,good-temper
groups,grupes
guards,gaurds
guidance,guidence,2
guide,guid
guitarist,guitarest
habit,habbit
hair-dressing,hair_dressing
handicapped,handicaped
handicapped,handi-caped
handicapped,handicapt
handicapped,handichapte
handsome,hansem
handsome,hansum
happened,happend,2
happiness,happyness
happiness,happynes
happily,happaly
happily,happly
happiest,happeist
happiness,hapiness
hard,had
has,as,8
hassle,hassel
hate,hat
hate,heat
having,haveing,3
having,have-ing
he's,his
he's,is
head,haed
healthy,helthy,3
healthwise,health_ways
hear,here
heart-throb,heart_throb
helpful,helpfull,3
high,hiegh
high-ranking,highranking
hit,it,2
hitting,hiting
hobbies,hobbys,2
hobby,hobbie
homework,home_work
honeymoon,honey_moon
hoping,hopeing
hoping,hopping
horrible,horrable,3
horrible,horible
house,hose
humour,humer,2
humour,humor,2
I,i,17
ignore,egnore,2
immigration,imagration
in_case,incase
in_front,infront
independent,independant,3
independent,independat
individual,induvidual
intellectual,intulectual
intelligence,intellagence
intelligence,intellegence
intelligent,inteligent
interfere,interfear
interruptions,interuptions
interest,intrest,5
into,in_to
is,his,4
it,hit
join,jion
kind_manneredly,kind_manerdly
kindness,kind_ness
knit,niet
knocked,nocked,2
know,no,11
know,now,4
ladies,ladys,2
laugh,lafe
laugh,laugth,2
laughs,laughes
lead,leed,2
learn,learne
least,lest,2
leave,leve
leave,live
leaving,leaveing
life,live
like,lick
like,lik
listen,lisen
listen,lisn
listen,listern
literally,literaly
little,littel
live,life
lives,lifes
living,liveing
locked,lockd
loneliness,lonelyness
lonely,lonly,5
lose,loose,12
losing,lossing
lost,lots,2
loud-mouth,loud_mouth
lovely,lovly
mad,made
make,mack,2
make-up,mack_up
making,macking
malnutrition,manutriction
manners,manors
mannered,manerd
marriage,marrage
married,madrri
married,marriad
married,marid
married,marride,2
married,maried
marvellous,movaless
mates,mattes
maybe,may_be
me,my,2
mechanic,macanic
mechanical,machanical
meet,mete,2
mentally,mentaley
mentioned,mentiond
mighty,mitey
military,militery
millionaire,million_air
millionaire,million_ear
millionaire,millionere,2
misery,misoury
miserable,misarable
miserable,misrable
moan,moen
moan,moin
moaning,moning
model,modle
model-making,model_making
moment,momment
money,mony
money,munny
monopoly,monapaloy
mood,mode
most,moset
mostly,mostley
motorway,motor_way
murdered,murderd
my,may
my,me
myself,myselve
nagging,naging
nasty-tempered,nasty_tempered
nearly,nerley
necessary,necassary
needs,neads
neighbour,neighboor
neighbour,neighbor
neighbour,nabour
neighbour,neibour
neighbour,neigbour
nerves,nurves
neutral,nutral
nice-looking,nice_looking
nightclub,night_club
nonsense,nonsens
normal,normall
nourish,norish
now,know,4
nowadays,now_days
nuclear,nucler
nuisance,nusience
occasionally,occasionaly
occasionally,accationally
occurred,occured
of,off
of_course,of,core
of_course,of,corse
off,of,4
offence,affence
one,on
operator,operater
opportunities,oppertunaties
opportunities,opertinities
opportunities,opportunity's
opportunities,opertunities
opposite,oposit
or,our
orgies,orgi's
other,othere
otherwise,other_wise
our,ouer
outside,out_side
over-protecting,over_protecting
paid,payed
painful,painfull,2
painful,pianful
paralysed,paralised
parents,parants
parents,parrents
parents,perants
parent,pairent
parent,pearent
particularly,perticully
parties,party's
party,partie
passed,past
pastime,pass_time
patients,patiants
people,peopal
people,peopel
people,peopl
people,peropel
people,peple
people,peropl
permanently,perminently
person,percon
personally,persnaly
personality,personalert
picking,piking
pieces,peices
plane,plaine
plays,playes
pleasant,pleasent
policeman,police_man
politician,politicains
politician,politition
position,posistion,2
position,postition
position,presion
possessive,possesive
poverty,povety
practising,practacing
prefer,prefere
pregnant,predgment
pregnant,pregent
pregnant,pregnent
present,presant
pretty,prity
prettier,prettyer
prime_minister,priminister,2
probable,probabal
probably,probebly,2
probably,probabley
probably,proberbly
profession,proffeson
profession,proffesion,2
professional,proffessinal,2
quarrel,quarall
questioning,question_ing
quick-tempered,quick_tempered
quite,quiet,4
rabies,rabbies
rarely,rerely
ready-made,ready_made
really,realy,13
reasonably,reasonable
recently,resently
recession,recetion
recipes,recipies
redundant,redundent
relations,relasions
relationship,relation_ship
relatives,reletivs
relax,relacks
reputation,repretation
respected,respectered
responsibilities,responsibilitys
responsibility,responsability
responsible,resmoserbl
right,write
rubbish,rubish
rude,rood
rumour,rummer
runner,runer
running,runing,2
Samaritan,Samariton
scare,skair
school,scoole
scribbling,scribling
secretarial,secutereal
secure,surcure
see,se
seeing,seing
seem,seam
self-confident,self_confident
self-made,self_made
selfishness,selfeshness
selves,selfs,2
sense,sence,3
sense,senes
sensible,sencible
sensible,sensable
sensible,senscebul
sensibly,senseably
serious,serius
seriously,seariously
severely,sevearly
share,shear
share,shair
shoulders,sholders
show-off,show_off,2
silly,siley
similar,simlar
sincerely,sincerly
sit,set
skinheads,skin_heads
skinny,skiny
slimmer,slimer
slipper,sliper
slums,sulmss
smoke,smock
snobby,snoby
some_day,someday
somebody,sombody,3
somebody's,somebodies
someone,somone
something,somethink
something,somthing
sometimes,somtims
sometimes,somtimes,2
sort,sought
sort,sourt
spare,spair
speak,speck
spiteful,spitefull
stare,steir
starts,startes
stay,staye
steal,steel,2
stopped,stoped
strictest,strictist
strike,stricke
stubborn,stubbon
studying,studiing
successful,succesful,3
successful,sucessful
successful,succesfull,3
support,serport
supporters,suppoters
suppose,surpose
sure,shore
surgery,surgere
surroundings,suroundings
swear,sware
swimming,swiming
take,talk
take,teck
talk,take
talkative,takativ
teachers,techers
telltaling,tell_tailing
temper,tempar
tempered,temped
terrifies,terrify's
terrorists,teroists
their,there,6
their,thier
there,the
there,their,4
there,ther,2
there,thir
these,theis
they,thay
they,the,3
they're,the,2
they're,their,2
they're,there,3
they're,thier
think,thick
think,thing,3
think,thingk
thought,thorght
through,threw
to,too,5
to,tow
together,to_gether
tomorrow,tommorrow
too,to,20
totally,totaly
tough,tuff
travel,travell
travel,travill
travelling,traveling
treat,treet
tries,trys,2
trouble,truble,2
trouble-causer,trouble_causer
trouble-maker,trouble_maker,3
truly,trully
truth,tuthe
truthful,truthfull
two-faced,two_faced,2
understanding,under_standing
undernourished,under_norished
unhappy,un_happy
untidy,untiede
until,untill,5
urge,erge
us,use
usually,usaly
usually,useully
vaginas,virginas
vandalism,vanderlism
vandalism,vanderlisium
vandalism,vandolism
vandals,vandles
violence,vilence
wander,wonder
want,went
want,whant
want,what
want,won't
watch,whatch
watch,woch
we're,where
weedy,weedey
weird,werd
well-educated,well_educated,2
well-suited,well_suited
well-off,well_off
well-paid,well_paid
went,whent
were,where
what,woht
where,were,7
where,wear,2
whether,weather,2
whether,wheather,2
which,wich
which,witch
whites,wittes
who,ho
who,how,2
whose,whos
wise,wize
with,withe
with,whit
without,with_out,2
woman,women
women,weomen
word,wood
world,wald
world,wholed
world,wold
world,would
worrying,worring
worry,wory
worse,worst,2
worst,wart
worst,worse
worthwhile,whorthwhile
wouldn't,woulden't
would,whould
would,wood
writings,writtings
wrong,long
wrong,rog
wrong,rong,2
wrong,ronge
wrong,wronge
you'll,you'l
you're,your,6
young,yong
youngest,youngeist
your,youre
your,yore
your,you,2
intele,intellect
censorsored,censored
likly,likely
An,Any
resarc,research
immediatly,immediately
prodi,producing
wull,will
no,now
unabiguous,unambiguous
chose,choose
describe,described
wa,wearing
war,wear
wa,wearing
inded,indeed
likly,likely
posible,possible
inteference,interference
malfuc,malfunction
dilema,dillema
conter,counter
unaceptable,unacceptable
affraid,afraid
w,vehicals
imprisons,imprison
were,whereby
sould,should
desireble,desirable
campagn,campaign
owm,own
impo,improves
reas,research
scient,science
bef,benefits
itsef,itself
aswered,answered
of,or
consup,consumption
live,life
enevitable,inevitable
ret,requirement
lef,lesson
envio,environment
seem,seems
Some,So
of,our
wate,waste
a,us
inehaustible,inexhaustible
rap,radical
sence,sense
culu,cultures
leart,learnt
consert,conservative
pe,purpose
competion,competition
all,also
ef,ever
at,as
elu,education
hea,here
form,far
Cambrige,Cambridge
objet,object
rasing,raising
we,when
usually,usual
byc,bicycle
wen,we
pedels,pedals
attacked,attached
are,area
mircroscopic,microscopic
th,to
techiques,techniques
cambrige,cambridge
an,a
inury,injury
cased,caused
concened,concerned
ins,incentive
diffuculty,difficulty
arr,around
wether,whether
diffu,difficulties
greater,great
cannto,cannot
symettry,symmetry
aboit,about
prop,probability
symettrical,symmetrical
symettrical,symmetrical
fundamet,fundamental
word,world
ojects,objects
symettrical,symmetrical
lie,live
appoa,approach
aviid,avoid
aco,accomplished
reas,research
manknd,mankind
helpfll,helpful
estabishments,establishments
researh,research
praci,practicle
possiply,possibly
narno,narrow
pissible,possible
deadil,deadlier
hy,hundred
piecing,piercing
word,world
last,lasting
tens,ten
nowd,nowadays
than,that
is,in
st,scientific
ungertly,urgently
reser,research
scieme,science
is,in
indivual,individual
ad,about
hundrd,hundred
indivuals,individuals
scienfic,scientific
interpart,interpretation
incroduction,introduction
is,its
group,ground
bycle,bicycle
bicyl,bicycle
upwill,uphill
wheh,when
leval,level
untl,until
is,it
convers,converted
lighted,lighter
stem,steam
amomt,amount
than,that
tine,time
form,formed
than,that
beyons,beyond
situating,situation
encourage,encouraged
fee,free
peice,piece
cout,country
exep,except
Empoymen,Employmen
yars,years
Wen,We
explaratory,exploratory
Imagenation,Imagination
int,inventiveness
oxi,oxygen
proccess,process
stau,star
spectoscopy,spectroscopy
photograph,photography
daubt,doubt
main,man
astonomy,astronomy
be,by
tu,the
commisioner,commissioner
discare,discarded
any,another
is,it
the,that
Scienci,Scientists
bickere,bickering
polictical,political
og,organisations
convinient,convenient
econi,economic
polictical,political
furt,future
convi,convenient
a,our
it,is
Nucleur,Nuclear
boma,bombarding
shit,shut
it,in
convinient,convenient
inv,individuals
recate,relate
upheavels,upheavals
fantast,fantasy
a,at
urgu,urgency
reasearch,research
on,of
tw,too
irrationallity,irrationality
import,important
forcasts,forecasts
indivdually,individually
consering,considering
milenium,millenium
p,but
buts,but
interper,interpretations
he,his
govermne,government
reat,relatively
convential,conventional
it,is
convential,conventional
increase,increasing
obi,observe
may,many
im,information
the,then
communcate,communicate
determin,determine
houshe,household
mu,mist
squrting,squirting
for,four
fw,few
platic,plastic
thoughout,throughout
storey,story
yeas,years
slove,solve
Stict,Strict
predicable,predictable
souces,sources
Cites,Cities
partiularly,particularly
widesread,widespread
necesscay,necessary
Comminites,Communities
Plastis,Plastics
bittle,brittle
insum,insurmountable
synbol,symbol
eveywhere,everywhere
blnk,blink
tediuos,tedious
fundanental,fundamental
precison,precision
instrments,instruments
precison,precision
wondeful,wonderful
difficut,difficult
previouly,previously
ham,harm
medicin,medicine
doubb,doubtless
rea,research
ve,view
somo,someone
work,works
as,answer
Punshment,Punishment
build,built
every,ever
kn,now
creatitivity,creativity
Reasearch,Research
reasearch,research
valuble,valuable
every,ever
thorought,thoughtlessly
projets,projects
discovers,discoveries
reas,researches
whih,which
emprace,embrace
abse,abstract
symetrical,symmetrical
looses,loses
unsyme,unsymmetrical
suu,such
severly,severely
limm,limited
rareley,rarely
situation,situations
scientist,scientists
assymnetry,assymmetry
affets,affects
whih,which
detro,dextro
syme,symmetry
bul,buildings
plasing,pleasing
be,been
need,needed
pinoneered,pioneered
n,moon
is,it
tens,ten
tyre,type
mantain,maintain
lesses,losses
imformation,information
contries,countrys
sed,send
schol,schools
uses,used
untimate,ultimate
cons,concerning
prei,periods
is,as
wants,want
Neccesity,Necessity
suppore,supported
soli,solving
insted,instead
inderctly,indirectly
Ab,Albert
sitt,situation
being,been
ultimatel,ultimate
exhaustation,exhaustion
Becu,Because
been,being
as,is
cas,caused
def,devices
ultimatel,ultimate
nesse,necessary
aucomobile,automobile
increase,increased
safty,safety
cars,car
individul,individual
coeece,coerce
imple,implies
infalib,infallible
and,an
pa,practical
in,on
easily,easy
steat,seat
license,licence
pla,pleasure
inent,incentive
force,forcibly
increaseng,increasing
wealh,wealth
imformation,information
vaste,vast
scientic,scientific
effectivly,effectively
Scientic,Scientific
his,has
reach,reached
to,too
scienee,science
vaste,vast
have,has
ep,experimental
insteret,interest
secondery,secondary
thes,this
widly,widely
tho,through
sececialization,specialization
decisii,decisions
scientic,scientific
decided,decide
persueded,persued
special,specialize
obviousl,obvious
thes,this
abo,absorbed
having,have
pefore,before
notably,notable
o,importance
suh,such
suh,such
carbonferous,carboniferous
vaste,vast
recqur,recquired
gradual,gradually
become,becomes
hod,hold
beeome,become
consideraiion,consideration
consummer,consumer
at,advance
ins,injuries
mater,matter
to,that
by,buy
Ulimately,Ultimately
wo,which
show,should
is,his
bg,bags
incourage,encourage
person,persons
at,as
disipline,discipline
thougt,thought
qucker,quicker
disiplines,disciplines
intially,initially
dminished,diminished
shilts,shifts
increases,increased
establism,establishments
campains,campaigns
section,sections
genuinly,genuinely
Furthermoo,Furthermore
may,many
come,commercial
as,a
encourg,encourage
im,in
effet,effect
awaw,away
slih,silhouettes
detct,detective
ben,been
exeption,exception
surl,surely
mann,man
restrici,restriction
exa,exhausted
forsee,foresee
fosscil,fossil
too,to
Nol,Not
aboo,about
impurite,impurities
fl,fuel
maved,moved
th,to
simia,similar
wati,waiting
ons,on
aercraft,aircraft
is,if
discoverd,discovery
ideas,idea
particals,particles
ment,meant
combination,combinations
ther,their
feedom,freedom
togethers,together
assymmetry,asymmetry
assymmetrical,asymmetrical
feed,fed
appropi,appropriate
obai,obtain
severeal,several
formes,forms
assymnerical,asymmetrical
natually,naturally
directio,direction
atom,atoms
diaramatically,diagramatically
moleul,molecul
beeween,between
gluo,glucose
invertd,inverted
moleculs,molecules
how,however
structu,structure
formd,formed
form,forms
assymmetrical,asymmetrical
organism,organisms
asyme,asymmetry
prise,price
care,car
idear,idea
idear,idea
diffent,different
idear,idea
presure,pressure
idear,idea
idear,idea
weare,wear
premiun,premium
douc,doubt
incorporatd,incorporated
p,body
every,ever
woking,working
fee,free
rea,researchers
repreents,represents
tem,teams
at,all
aspeat,aspect
thng,thing
exhasted,exhausted
forsee,foresee
cond,confidently
otter,other
put,but
is,it
impractia,impractical
unnotie,unnoticed
emp,embargo
diswh,dishwashers
de,die
natrual,natural
communicate,communication
wold,world
remnders,reminders
electrcal,electrical
oill,oil
reail,reality
hydrolectric,hydroelectric
undoutedly,undoubtedly
lanscape,landscape
wa,wide
occured,occurred
ide,idle
ly,living
set,seat
ch,crash
non,not
unsf,unsafe
igntion,ignition
efficient,efficiency
in,enforced
opp,open
knew,new
sient,scientists
duy,day
revolutionised,revolutionized
mew,new
many,main
they,the
they,the
a,at
inteaded,intended
na,male
for,far
by,buy
mooe,more
mooey,money
Thus,This
Utillty,Utility
indidual,individual
researh,research
usefull,useful
probablly,probably
bycycle,bicycle
interisting,interesting
at,actually
ve,leave
buble,bubble
drik,drinks
show,should
all,already
probablly,probably
lifes,lives
probablly,probably
Secondy,Secondly
insure,ensure
previos,previously
reas,research
numbers,number
pero,period
fluctuations,fluctuates
ap,opinion
appled,applied
supply,supplies
to,do
that,than
plactic,plastic
priority,priorities
be,being
thing,things
availabe,available
gra,drasticly
factr,factory
in,is
succesful,successful
whia,what
byci,bicycle
imformation,information
th,to
attentin,attention
fid,fit
women,woman
walk,walks
thing,things
character,characters
sorted,sort
frips,flips
sli,silent
paragraphs,paragraph
knowlede,knowledge
requres,requires
resonable,reasonable
benefites,benefits
vairi,various
simpliy,simply
no,know
resar,research
resar,research
an,and
re,rises
establise,established
res,reasonable
originaly,originally
than,that
scientic,scientific
recognises,recognise
a,as
lamps,lamp
penomenon,phenomenon
lamps,lamp
result,results
ths,this
onn,own
evolved,evolve
lefe,life
ro,wrong
it,its
youself,yourself
absolutly,absolutely
complety,completely
unfinised,unfinished
knowledde,knowledge
geneus,genius
shoud,should
ease,easier
difi,difficult
nust,must
hardy,hardly
her,nerve
reconnet,reconnect
plan,plain
pyar,pyramids
detals,details
nonsene,nonsense
Thirdy,Thirdly
decif,deciphered
Meditterranean,Mediterranean
animals,animal
beee,been
const,consists
hundreg,hundred
wo,who
civilations,civilizations
m,nature
scientist,scientists
mort,more
emotion,emotions
lewel,level
sperical,spherical
earth,earths
angles,angle
consider,considered
ont,one
consider,considered
bain,brain
hyge,huge
prove,prone
wo,who
encourge,encourage
unee,unemployment
all,alright
idea,ideas
achei,achievement
thei,there
find,finding
it,is
contancts,contacts
tecl,technological
tecln,technologically
resarc,research
paintaking,painstaking
con,common
impatiene,impatience
constitit,constitutes
disproo,disproved
cut,culture
inplications,implications
evey,every
oftem,often
increasi,increase
amout,amount
specialisises,specialises
support,supports
contension,contention
Imaginaiton,Imagination
thoy,thought
by,but
part,patronage
whch,which
suppart,support
spend,spent
coure,course
proctical,practical
indivial,individuals
it,if
individuu,individual
cleary,clearly
lat,land
cyl,cycle
hg,higher
has,have
worked,work
prepetual,perpetual
high,height
diffucties,difficulties
surmountin,surmounted
arery,arteries
spontaneos,spontaneously
event,even
is,its
all,along
reg,rejoined
diffi,different
impurs,impulse
wheras,whereas
bes,belts
inconvi,inconvenient
res,reasons
i,ensuring
one,once
pilicy,policy
regurarly,regularly
p,breaking
Causes,Clauses
po,people
bea,belts
increasin,increase
mistaki,mistaken
woud,would
rel,reality
offerred,offered
the,that
crises,crisis
is,as
plentl,plenty
blackend,blackened
o,accordingly
possibly,possible
Sciente,Scientists
goverment,government
adhere,adheres
chose,choose
facilite,facilities
are,and
swap,swamp
countrie,country
occurance,occurrance
Capa,Capitalism
basen,based
wh,work
usu,usable
ther,their
cylcl,cycle
your,you
an,a
keap,keep
ch,cochlea
sout,sort
bean,been
indiuidual,individual
alb,able
an,any
mouths,months
behave,behaviour
c,shown
thought,thoughts
beni,beneficial
tie,the
the,their
eaq,equal
forces,force
dig,diagrams
bonding,bonded
an,and
Cen,Certainly
b,public
haven,have
severly,severely
dratically,drastically
electricty,electricity
cutf,cutoff
shud,shut
lire,like
Whetherr,Whether
oulawed,outlawed
dratically,drastically
the,they
reerely,rarely
ab,obvious
one,once
productions,production
desireable,desirable
desire,desirable
suh,such
divice,device
incouragement,encouragement
divice,device
divice,device
divice,device
divice,device
chac,chance
an,and
sle,seat
ma,my
enou,encouragement
Scc,Scientists
scienc,scientist
though,thought
intitate,initiate
idividualistic,individualistic
rerved,reserved
themself,themselves
stu,structurilisation
one,ones
large,larger
resours,resources
experments,experiments
ether,either
in,impractical
ou,out
masn,mans
bun,but
stu,structure
fro,former
lif,lives
fas,facts
remen,remembered
stra,struggle
worre,worries
show,should
od,order
fas,facts
reinfore,reinforce
se,science
se,sciences
prat,practices
obtain,obtained
appoximations,approximations
ar,our
infite,infinite
riged,rigid
ro,ruler
is,it
me,micrometers
yau,you
tho,through
descend,descended
chemicall,chemical
bese,beside
hes,his
excercise,exercise
draned,drained
settle,settled
el,exploratory
indviduals,individuals
tinu,tiny
it,is
particularly,particular
lunur,lunar
eneugh,enough
speial,special
suceessfully,successfully
problem,problems
depleated,depleted
confortable,comfortable
se,side
ree,reasons
alss,also
knowledable,knowledgeable
oly,only
scci,science
thea,teams
correcte,correct
pe,predictions
throws,throwing
recive,receiving
ar,organisms
oure,our
b,probably
hot,not
binefit,benefit
unfortumate,unfortunate
to,too
beome,become
bi,being
intene,intended
beome,become
Must,Most
apon,upon
appaled,appalled
apon,upon
dismantals,dismantles
presuposes,presupposes
propably,probably
sucinctly,succinctly
opperating,operating
sucessful,successful
bipass,bypass
properganda,propaganda
overwealming,overwhealming
obsolete,obselete
usefulness,usefullness
persues,pursues
obselescence,obsolescence
satelite,satellite
ballanced,balanced
ballance,balance
therefore,therefor
equiped,equipped
fategue,fatigue
seel,seal
sensative,sensitive
sensative,sensitive
arguements,arguments
exeeding,exceeding
unfortuneately,unfortunately
practicle,practical
occurance,occurrence
chauffers,chauffeurs
basicly,basically
differant,different
differance,difference
recieved,received
recieving,receiving
fluorishes,flourishes
unsuported,unsupported
irrelevent,irrelevant
seperation,separation
Spanich,Spanish
surplanted,supplanted
responsably,responsibly
accessable,accessible
unforseen,unforeseen
barred,bared
effects,affects
climatoligists,climatologists
machinary,machinery
knowlegable,knowledgeable
propell,propel
forcasting,forecasting
alow,allow
forcasts,forecasts
occuring,occurring
propell,propel
invaluble,invaluable
interplanetry,interplanetary
arround,around
endevour,endeavour
succesful,successful
definate,definite
versitile,versatile
aquaint,acquaint
committments,commitments
forsight,foresight
lead,led
existance,existence
seperate,separate
diagonel,diagonal
practise,practice
arguement,argument
seperate,separate
proves,prooves
assymmetric,asymmetric
seperate,separate
proove,prove
monotinous,monotonous
minaturised,miniaturised
ammounts,amounts
terminel,terminal
typwriter,typewriter
invaluble,invaluable
suceed,succeed
proceedure,procedure
invaluble,invaluable
probibilities,probabilities
ammount,amount
loose,lose
complemantary,complementary
continous,continuous
resoviors,reservoirs
completly,completely
posses,possess
manoue,manouver
beggining,beginning
accesible,accessible
infered,inferred
addittion,addition
effecient,effeccient
their,there
their,there
concieve,conceive
Unfortunetly,Unfortunately
resurect,resurrect
continously,continuously
there,their
there,their
recquired,required
soley,solely
improoving,improving
develope,develop
develope,develop
effect,affect
improove,improve
neglegant,negligent
engauge,engage
relingushed,relinquished
jepardy,jeopardy
inforcement,enforcement
convienience,convenience
succesfully,successfully
undoubtably,undoubtedly
convienience,convenience
forseen,foreseen
housholds,households
forsee,foresee
succesful,successful
totalitarionism,totalitarianism
aggreement,agreement
Justifacation,Justification
totalitarionism,totalitarianism
loose,lose
wheras,whereas
forseen,foreseen
relevent,relevant
preferance,preference
inlargement,enlargement
dissappear,disappear
polution,pollution
magerine,margarine
invalueable,invaluable
tackeling,tackling
esentially,essentially
aquisistion,acquisition
beleived,believed
primeaval,primaeval
useage,usage
neccessarily,necessarily
ammount,amount
ammount,amount
ammounts,amounts
dissappear,disappear
certaintly,certainly
ammount,amount
availiable,available
availiable,available
ammount,amount
availiable,available
dissappear,disappear
availiable,available
benifits,benefits
availiable,available
ammount,amount
certaintly,certainly
wether,whether
neccessity,necessity
definate,definite
to,too
suport,support
possesed,possessed
of,off
sufficent,sufficient
sufficent,sufficient
undoubtably,undoubtedly
annother,another
license,licence
goverment,government
Goverments,Governments
fulfillment,fulfilment
anomalus,anomalous
nonproffessional,nonprofessional
definate,definite
definate,definite
definate,definite
suprising,surprising
exaustion,exhaustion
sucessful,successful
goverments,governments
resorces,resources
basicly,basically
strenuous,strenous
Luckly,Luckily
minature,miniature
suprising,surprising
acquire,aquire
penecillin,penicillin
disasterous,disastrous
tendancy,tendency
irreversable,irreversible
paraphenalia,paraphernalia
to,too
dissappears,disappears
streangth,strength
referance,reference
to,too
pendantry,pedantry
pendantic,pedantic
wheras,whereas
emmitted,emitted
their,there
excercise,exercise
allways,always
worthwile,worthwhile
fourty,forty
allready,already
definately,definitely
eventuallity,eventuality
genii,genei
truely,truly
wonderous,wondrous
truely,truly
interlectual,intellectual
plebian,plebeian
truely,truly
persueing,pursuing
deppreciation,depreciation
persued,pursued
explanotory,explanatory
truely,truly
allienate,alienate
diss,disolved
independant,independent
endochrine,endocrine
controled,controlled
sensetive,sensitive
truely,truly
truely,truly
truely,truly
critisise,criticise
unwravelled,unravelled
orbiting,orbitting
arguments,arguements
arguement,argument
aff,effected
comparitive,comparative
reknowned,renowned
lead,led
unemcompassable,unencompassable
contempory,contemporary
acheive,achieve
forseeable,foreseeable
acheived,achieved
achi,acheive
replaci,replaceing
indispensible,indispensable
eazily,easily
eazily,easily
eazy,easy
imaginitive,imaginative
destinct,distinct
feasi,feasable
polishes,polishers
reoccur,recur
feasable,feasible
practise,practice
seperate,separate
seperate,separate
embarassment,embarrassment
embarassment,embarrassment
exagerations,exaggerations
drammatic,dramatic
their,there
monitary,monetary
ensure,insure
vehicles,vehicules
surfdom,serfdom
burocracy,bureaucracy
forseeable,foreseeable
dissapointedly,disappointedly
existense,existence
novellists,novelists
Financers,Financiers
Fincancers,Financiers
leiusure,leisure
